we're all right as long as we somebody
staying psyche is obviously you can't
get in without an invitation
like a vampire
yeah really like a vampire this is the
Java preemie right like I can't breathe
Terry to go along with it take this okay
vampire protection I don't think this is
for me hey look is he doing in my yard
Oh
they'll need an invitation if there's no
house come on come on
I'll Drive
what the hell is going on
mom just go got it
is everybody okay nobody's hurt
all right baby okay okay keep driving
hey what's going on this is seriously
not okay Charlie who the fuck is this
guy
mom I told you he's a fucking vampire
okay enough with the vampires really I
mean let's just calm down
call the police show nobody service
I hate up talking desert now we have a
psycho next door oh shit
charlie is this him who is this Oh
oh my god oh my god oh no what the fuck
was he doing
Charlie he's coming around side Cooley
keep going he says Christ shit
is it worth
oh no what do i do hit him what hit him
mom just hit it
just okay